docs: update i18n faq (#38848)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/index.md

### Can I translate freeCodeCamp's curriculum?

Thanks for your interest in translating the curriculum.

> Currently, we are translating the curriculum to support only the Chinese language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, we are only translating the curriculum into Chinese.
```
The wording suggested (to me) that we'd only have a Chinese curriculum and we'd no longer support English.

> We do intend to make the curriculum available in more languages, but we do not have any deadlines for the same. We have several operational limits like staff, active contributors and server costs. All these play a role in driving the internationalisation (i18n) efforts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do intend to make the curriculum available in more languages, but we do not have any deadlines for this. We have several operational limits like staff, active contributors and server costs. All these play a role in driving the internationalisation (i18n) efforts. 
```

**Why are you focusing on Chinese curriculum first?**

> China is the largest demographic regions, in our non-native english speaking audience. Currently, we have hundreds of thousands of users using an old version of the platform. This will give us an estimate of logistics involved in the i18n efforts to other languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
China is the largest demographic regions, in our non-native English speaking audience. Currently, we have hundreds of thousands of users using an old version of the platform. This will give us an estimate of logistics involved in the i18n efforts to other languages.
```
